Feature Selection tool does not work with Satellite Google base map (#470)
CartoDB/carto-react: CHANGELOG.md

## Not released

> - Set the `EditableGeoJsonLayer` billboard property to false to be compatible with Google raster base maps

Reviewer: IMO it's better something like:

```suggestion
- Fix the Feature selection tool by setting the `EditableGeoJsonLayer` billboard property to false to be compatible with Google raster base maps
```
